All right guys so before each team all five we would put everything in divs much like you saw in not
the not the last video but the one before that where we had an idea of MAIN HEADER we had an idea of
main nav with each team of five we got semantic tags like header footer nav so we can actually describe
what is in that tag.
Now this isn't just for organization although it is excellent for organization it's also for accessibility
it helps people with disabilities that you know that have hearing disabilities vision disabilities it
helps them understand what goes where.
So they're very important to use instead of just using divs which have no meaning at all.
So these are the more the more popular each HTML5 tags there are a couple other ones but these are the
main ones.
And then I just have a sample that I found on the Internet that kind of shows you what goes where it's
not using all of these but I'm going to explain each one.
So basically we have the header and footer that's pretty self-explanatory as you can see here headers
usually go at the top four is usually go at the bottom.
A lot of times your header will have like a logo you may have your navigation in your head or you may
have it underneath.
He may have like a search box or something like that.
Next we have NAV which is used for navigation.
I don't have an example on this but let's say you have a Navarre here which would be a well an unordered
list and then you'd wrap it in the NAV tag.
OK.
Or maybe you have a side menu which is a well that you wrap in a nav tag main which also is on here
could be wrapped around this whole area which is like the main content of the page or maybe even around
this whole thing.
There's no like special science to this.
Some of it is preference but there are just some general rules to follow it just generally means the
main content of your page and a lot of times people don't even use main.
They'll just split it into sections.
But yeah you can use main section is going to be just that for instance the the about div that we had
and then the contact div.
That's where I would use this section instead of using a div there I'd say section and maybe still give
it an idea of about or whatever and then article is going to be used for just that if there's an article
post or a blog post a lot of times you'll see multiple blog posts and then maybe a read more button
or something those could be wrapped in Article tags.
OK instead of divs and then a side is just that it's sidebar content or just content that isn't it's
not the main focus of the page it could be maybe an ADD or it could be like a category section for the
main blog section or something like that.
OK.
So these are the HMO five semantic tags now I'm gonna give you a little challenge and I want to give
you a layout that only uses divs and I want you to figure out where to put these semantic tags.
OK all the ones that I just showed you.
So let's go ahead and create a new file here we'll call this 11 underscore each team of five underscore
semantics start each Timo and you're going to have this each team I'll file in your project files for
this video and I'm going to paste it in and it does have a bunch of CSX up at the top in the style Don't
worry about this I just wanted it to look like an actual web page we're going to learn how to do all
this later on but just pay attention to the H team Al so I'm going to save this and open it up just
see what it looks like.
OK so it's not very good looking but it is laid out like an actual Web site.
So we have a header we have our main area we have this section here this section here we also have some
articles in the section and then we have our sidebar with a navigation.
So keep that stuff in mind keep those elements in mind and let's look at the aged email.
So we have a div with the idea of header right down here we have a div with the idea of main we have
a div with the idea of welcome and the comments should give you hints as well welcome s..
We have the blog section we have Article 1 Article 2 but notice that they're all using div so I just
want you to figure out where the each team 0 5 Ellen tags go.
We have a sidebar inside the sidebar we have our navigation and then we have our footer.
OK.
Don't worry about this clear.
This just has to do with the floats we just floated using CSF.
So we had to clear it.
Don't worry about that.
So just take a look at this and take a look at this and figure out what goes where.
OK.
And I'll even do the first one for you.
So for header we have this div..
So what I would do is replace this with header and then the ending tag also with header and we can keep
and keep the I.D..
OK.
If we were going to style it or something we could even style it just by the element itself.
But you may want to keep the I.D. but that's the first one I'm going to do so take a look at the rest.
And I want you to replace certain divs where you think they should be replaced with these each team
all five semantic tags.
OK.
And then in the next video I'll give you my my solution.